I ain't missus report seeing a creature
with a long neck and a snake-like head
they say it has a body as big as an
elephant with four legs claw like feet
and a long tail most of these accounts
suggested as a semi-aquatic animal that
spends most of its time in the rivers
that run through the jungle witness
reports indicate that the animal likely
lives in the southeastern rainforests of
Cameroon on the west coast of Africa the
largest group of sightings is at the
meeting point of Three Rivers the area
is so remote that few Westerners have
ever seen this part of the world or the
massive uncharted wilderness
it holds it's just not been anyone
around to observe the animals except in
the rare cases those who have seen the
preacher say it looks much like this one
a sauropod dinosaur sauropods were
widespread during the Jurassic period
and fossilized remains have been found
on every continent except Antarctica an
assault by dinosaur Don's a hard thing
to miss there's no sign that there's
been any dinosaur in Africa in the last
65 million years
the McCallion bimby identification is a
matter of conjecture but all the
descriptive material that we've been
able to accumulate suggests that we are
dealing with a small sour APOD deines